Xiao Qiang, go get the gifts I prepared for everyone.
Hahaha gift
Qingcao, don t you think you can bribe them with just a few gifts?
too naive
Well, we're not such snobs.
Want to bribe us
It's impossible.
Open
Ready to stay.
I'll give you a million each.
I'm not going to force anyone who doesn't want to stay.
Mr. Qin, I'm ready to stay.
Mr. Qin, I am also willing to
Why don't you want to go ahead and retreat with Mr. Zhang?
Oh, Mr. Qin is joking.
We're also fascinated by him.
Yes, Mr. Qin.
Zhang Yang is the villain
He made a mistake and still lies to us.
These people should be fired from the company.
Because you hate him so much.
I'll give you a chance
People slapped him.
Let me see who dares.
That's okay.